In this lecture, we are going to implement the remove user control.
This will provide a racial endpoint that you can use to remove users, navigate to the controls package
under the user command API project.
Let's create a new class and call it remove user control
first, let's add the risk controller annotation, then we can add our request mapping for our path.
We can again use forward slash API, forward slash V1, forward slash remove user.
Again, we will inject the command gateway via dependency injection.
So let's start by adding a private field for the command gateway and then a public constructor that
takes in the command gateway as the only parameter.
Let's do the assignment
and then remember to add the auto wired annotation to ensure that the spring AC container injects the
command gateway, we will add the delete mapping because we will use a delete htp verb.
So let's just specify that we will pass in an ID
again.
We will return a response entity with the base response.
So let's call our method, remove yuzu
and add in a path variable with the value equal to Idy as per the lead mapping
and then our only parameter is string ID again.
Let's start with a try catch where we will again return 500 internal server error if an exception occurs.
We can go ahead and copy the tri sketch from the update, use a controller.
And just modified slightly this change it to error while processing, remove user request for ID.
OK, now go ahead and invoke the Senate method of the command gateway and let's instantiate a new remove
user command, which we pass in the ID.
Let's just go and add a whole box construct to annotation to ensure that the remove user command object
takes in an ID
and then we will return a new response entity where we will say that the user was successfully removed
and let's return HTP status quo.
Two hundred, which is OK.
It's at a break point.
And then we can go ahead and put break points in aggregate as well and remove user command handler.
And let's also go ahead and debug our user query API application.
And let's put a break point in the event handler for our user removed event.
OK, go ahead and copy the request, mapping both.
And then we can open Posman again.
Space that they change it to a delete htp method and go ahead and copy the localhost, put it at one.
Then we will pass in the I.D., so let's quickly connect to Mongo DB and.
We will let states decide to remove Mike, since nobody knows.
Mike, I need John and a Jane Doe, so we will pass in the unique ID for Mike Doe and then we can step
through the code.
And see that the removed user command were raised.
And ultimately, the event handler that invokes the delete by idee method of the user repository.
Press a five and then you will see that there is no longer a McDo in our database.
However, if we look at the Domain Events collection, you will see our full trail of events where we
registered, John Doe registered, Jane Doe registered, Mike Doe, updated Mike Doe and ultimately
removed Mike Doe.
And that gives you a simple illustration of the difference between the read and write database's, they
can also see that record a 200.
User successfully removed.